feat: replace custom middleware with Django's LoginRequiredMiddleware (#16956)
WeblateOrg/weblate: docs/changes.rst

.. rubric:: Compatibility

* Replaced custom ``RequireLoginMiddleware`` with Django 5.1's ``LoginRequiredMiddleware``.
* The ``LOGIN_REQUIRED_URLS`` and ``LOGIN_REQUIRED_URLS_EXCEPTIONS`` settings are no longer used.
* Public views are now marked with the ``@login_not_required`` decorator instead of URL pattern exceptions.

> * Docker environment variables ``WEBLATE_LOGIN_REQUIRED_URLS_EXCEPTIONS``, ``WEBLATE_ADD_LOGIN_REQUIRED_URLS_EXCEPTIONS``, and ``WEBLATE_REMOVE_LOGIN_REQUIRED_URLS_EXCEPTIONS`` are deprecated and have no effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Replaced custom ``RequireLoginMiddleware`` with Django 5.1's ``LoginRequiredMiddleware``. This makes settings ``LOGIN_REQUIRED_URLS`` and ``LOGIN_REQUIRED_URLS_EXCEPTIONS`` no longer supported, including their Docker environment variable counterparts.
```
